Modernize using-launchpadlib.rst (#451)
canonical/launchpad-manual: docs/user/how-to/launchpadlib/view-supported-fields-and-methods.rst

call ``dir()`` on it. You'll see all of its fields and all the custom methods it
supports. Unfortunately, you'll also see a bunch of launchpadlib-specific junk
that you don't care about. That's why we've made available these four lists:

-  ``lp_attributes``: Data fields of this object. You can read from these
   might be able to write to some of them.
-  ``lp_collections``: List of launchpad objects associated with this
   object.
-  ``lp_entries``: Other Launchpad objects associated with this one.
-  ``lp_operations``: The names of Launchpad methods you can call on the
   object.

::

      print(sorted(bug_one.lp_attributes))
      # ['date_created', 'date_last_message', 'date_last_updated', ... 'tags', 'title']
      print(sorted(bug_one.lp_operations))
      # ['addAttachment', 'addWatch', 'subscribe', 'unsubscribe']

If you need more detailed help, you can look the object up in
`the API documentation <https://api.launchpad.net/devel.html>`_. First,
find out the type of the object.

::

       print(repr(bug_one))
       # <bug at https://api.staging.launchpad.net/beta/bugs/1>

This is a 'bug' type object. Now you use the type of the object as an anchor

> into the API documentation. To find out the capabilities of this object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the API documentation URL. To find out the capabilities of this object
```
